{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red5\green99\blue193;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\author Kiba Raines}
{\*\company Hewlett-Packard}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1\viewscale77
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qc

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Hunter Raines
\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:SuuKoolProductions@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 SuuKoolProductions@gmail.com}}\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
http://suukool.github.io\cf0 \ulnone \
661 Twinwood Loop\
Roseville, CA\
*Txt only (702)841-2525\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\qc
\cf0 Woodcreek High School Graduate\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\cf0 OBJECTIVE: A position in an organization where a Film or Computer Specialist would be needed (or, in an organization seeking Film/Multimedia Skills and or Photography)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qc
\cf0 INTRO:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160
\cf0 Hello. My name is Hunter Raines, and cinematography and computers is my life passion. I don\'92t want to waste anyone\'92s time hating my job, I want to film, code, repair for you. I\'92m 18, ready to make your company a success. I am very knowledgeable about marketing, electronics, music, and general management. I want to work hard to really get you that bang for your buck.\
My first job was at my high school when I was 16 as soon as I could work. Being head of photography and multimedia, I knew the computer admin who offered me a job. I gladly accepted and worked my senior year at the school. I then had to leave because I was no longer a student. This job taught me a ton about managing a lot of computers at once. I learned wiring and plenty of troubleshooting. I miss working on technology, feeding my knowledge about circuits. I miss filming awesome projects. Since I graduated I have made my finances through ingenious self-marketing of my coding and repair skills online. I\'92m very motivated, I set a goal, and I don\'92t stop until I reach it. My current goal? Get this job. I want this job you are offering, REALLY want it. I wouldn\'92t have crafted this to really try for this job. I\'92m different. I\'92m local and mobile with a car. I am a superior candidate because I recognize the qualities that are most important to your film industry, and I have them. :) I want to make a contribution to your company. I want to make YOU successful.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100

\f0\fs22 \cf0 WORK EXPERIENCE:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Job Title: Light Tech, Stage Manager and Music Production Student 2011-2013 \
Roseville, CA 95747   Woodcreek High School 916-771-6565\
John Harmon jharmon@rjuhsd.us \'96 Guitar/Music Teacher, Tom Fearon \'96 Drama Teacher, Stagemaster\
*Coordinated numerous live performances with lights, cameras and effects and crazy awesome out of the box thinking.\
Job Title: Film student\'96 2011-2014\
Woodcreek Multimedia, Roseville CA 96747 Woodcreek High school\
Mark Hajewski {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:mhajewski@rjuhsd.us"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 mhajewski@rjuhsd.us}} 916-771-6565\
\
\
\
Worked three years on many different projects, working in premiere pro. Filming with big Panasonic camcorders, filming with DSLRs (RED Scarlet). Graphic design 4 Years\'92 Experience with Photoshop!!!\
Made some film projects after I graduated too. Really got wild crazy creative and made some killer stuff.\
I also have some knowledge of After Effects and Illustrator, and one year knowledge of 3D Design (3DS Max) \
\
\
\pard\tx2024\tqc\tx4680\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100

\f1\fs24 \cf0 	SELECTED SKILLS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sa100
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 \cf0 \'a5	
\f1\fs24 Raised $3000 to buy a car in 3 days by designing a HTML, CSS, JQuery full site design. (3indexs,50+pages) \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 \cf0 \'a5	
\f1\fs24 Head of Photography, Multimedia and Tech Manager for last three years of high school. Printed Portfolio of photo shots.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 \'a5	
\f1\fs24 Coordinated Work for Film Festival and Award Winning Film for Suicide Prevention. Worked with really good cameras, REDs, Panasonics, Sonys.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 \'a5	
\f1\fs24 Spent Summer Repairing 100\'92s of various laptop, desktops learning TONS of information\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160

\f0\fs22 \cf0 I also have two letters of recommendation one from the Music teacher, and one from the Multimedia/Tech head. So please call me. I want this job. If this resume caught your attention contact me @ SuuKoolProductions@gmail.com\
\
\
\
\
\
}